In this lecture will add validation logic to the create method wherein if the coupon is null, we'll
throw out a legal argument exception and will test that functionality as well.
Go to the create method if coupon double equals null and through  new  illegal argument exception.
Optionally we can pass in a string coupon is required or coupon cannot be null, whatever message you
want to pass in that exception.
Now go back to the test.
Create a new test method public void test create give it a meaningful name.
Underscore null coupon or when null coupon underscore throws exception.
So when coupon is null would be much more readable when coupon is underscore null
So you can give as meaningful names, as you can to your tests so that when another developer looks
at the test method name, he knows what exactly is going on on your test code should also be readable.
Oh, here we don't have to mock any calls or stub any calls because we can invoke this method right
away.
Pass in a null coupon and it will throw this exception.
If this exception was being throwed in another layer class, like a services layer class or dao layer class
then we would mocked that layer's call.
But here we don't have to do that.
Simply invoke controller dot.
Create pass a null this entire logic will go into the assert, throws assert throws, takes expected
exception type which is illegal argument, exception dot class and its executable is where you can use a
lambda syntax arrow within brackets.
We can cut this code and put it inside these brackets and a semicolon at the end, control shift f to
format so assert throws.
I'm expecting a illegal argument exception when this code is invoked with null argument.
Right click run as Junit tests run.
Let's see if all the tests, three tests turn green on the left side.
There we go.
All the tests pass.
So that is how you can test exceptions scenarios or negative scenarios.
Go ahead and do the same validation logic inside the get coupon method.
If the code is null, you should throw a illegal argument exception with the appropriate message and write
a test for that.